feat: add defineUtility, update utilities and clean plugins (#92)
florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-kit: docs/src/content/docs/getting-started/usage.mdx

import Disabled from "~/components/Disabled.astro"
import { LinkCard, Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

> Astro Integration Kit provide useful utilities to help you build your integrations. Some of them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro Integration Kit provides a suite of useful utilities to help you build your integrations. Some of them
```

are "global" (eg. `defineIntegration`), others are meant to be used in hooks (eg. `addDts`) and

> plugins are available for more advanced usecases (eg. `hasVitePluginPlugin`). Everything is documented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
plugins are available for more advanced usecases (eg. `hasVitePluginPlugin`).
```

> on each utility so you have nothing to worry about! Here is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each utility is fully documented with examples and options!

Here we are using the [addDts](/utilities/add-dts/) utility to add a TypeScript declaration file to the user's project! This is useful for typing things like Virtual Modules!
```

```ts title="my-integration/index.ts"
import { defineIntegration, addDts } from "astro-integration-kit"
import { z } from "astro/zod"

export default defineIntegration({
    name: "my-integration",
    optionsSchema: z.object({
        virtualModuleId: z.string()
    }),
    setup({ options, name }) {
        return {
            "astro:config:setup": (params) => {
                addDts(params, {
                    name,
                    content: `declare module ${JSON.stringify(options.virtualModuleId)} {}`
                })
            }
        }
    }
})
```

:::tip

> We recommend you get started using this [`astro-integration-template`](https://github.com/florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-template)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the easiest way to start creating an integration with Astro Integration Kit, we recommend using this template: [`astro-integration-template`](https://github.com/florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-template)!
```
